Split weightings (#227)
PyPSA/PyPSA: doc/release_notes.rst

* ``network.snapshots`` are now a property, hence assigning values with ``network.snapshots = values `` is the same as ``network.set_snapshots(values)`` 

> * ``network.snapshot_weightings`` are now subdivided into weightings for the objective function, generators and storages/storage units.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``network.snapshot_weightings`` are now subdivided into weightings for the objective function, generators and stores/storage units.
```

  * Objective weightings determine the multiplier of the marginal costs in the objective function of the LOPF. 

>   * Generator weightings specify the impact of generators in `GlobalConstraint`s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Generator weightings specify the impact of generators in a ``GlobalConstraint``. 
```

  * Store weightings define the elapsed hours for the charge, discharge, standing loss and spillage of storage units and stores in order to determine the current state of charge.
 

>   PyPSA still supports setting ``snapshot_weightings`` in the old style, i.e. by a assigning with a pandas.Series. These are then applied to all columns of the new ``snapshot_weightings`` pandas.Dataframe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  PyPSA still supports setting ``snapshot_weightings`` with a ``pandas.Series``. In this case, the weightings are uniformly applied to all columns of the new ``snapshot_weightings`` ``pandas.DataFrame``.
```
